docs: Update proxy hosting to point to Frontend API (#4191)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/topics/proxy-hosting.mdx

-   You can arrange for the proxy to be close to your applications, minimizing response times.
-   You have full control of all your user data. None of the data that the proxy receives is ever sent to the Unleash API. This keeps _your_ data in _your_ hands.
-   You can easily add more proxies in different regions, as described in the [multi-region](#multi-region) section.

> -   If you have scaling challenges, it could be worth it to have a look at [Unleash Edge](../reference/unleash-edge)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   If you're having scaling challenges, it could be worth it to have a look at [Unleash Edge](../reference/unleash-edge)
```

:::

> Unleash no longer hosts instances of the proxy, but makes the [Frontend API](../reference/front-end-api) available to all Pro and Enterprise customers. The API is backed by an Amazon RDS database. Your applications can connect to the frontend API from your own cloud or other hosting solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unleash no longer hosts instances of the proxy, but makes the [Frontend API](../reference/front-end-api) available to all Pro and Enterprise customers. The API is backed by an Amazon RDS database. Your applications can connect to the frontend API from your own cloud or from other hosting solutions.
```

In order to access the frontend API you'll need
- to create a [Frontend API key](../reference/api-tokens-and-client-keys#front-end-tokens) for the environment you'd like to use.
- The Frontend API URL. This will be the your Unleash instance's URL followed by "/api/frontend".

This is the simplest, but also most limited (by far) way to use Unleash client SDKs. In this setup, Unleash hosts both the Unleash API and the Unleash frontend API. With Unleash hosting, you'll only need to worry about the Frontend API keys and the URL to access the endpoint.

While this is easy to get started with, it comes with the limitations described in the [section on tradeoffs between self-hosted and Unleash-hosted setups](#unleash-hosted-or-self-hosted).

## Unleash hosts the API, you host the proxy

:::info Recommendation

We recommend you use [Unleash Edge](../reference/unleash-edge) instead of Unleash Proxy. See our [Edge migration guide](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-edge/blob/main/migration-guide.md) for a guide on how to migrate

> 

Author: I couldn't find a better way to make the recommendation to switch to Edge. Definitely open to suggestions here.

Reviewer: Nah, I think this works well 😄
